A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
[Japanese heavy metal music playing]
DESIGN AND PRODUCTION
NETFLIX
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
DIRECTED BY CHIAKI KON
EPISODE 31
-[sizzling]
-[woman] Cured sausages here!
There's no need to be shy, folks.
Go on, take one.
These juicy little guys have been cured
for a full 72 hours.
[ominous music plays]
Whoa, look at that stare.
[Miku panting] Tacchan!
-Come quick, it's serious.
-[Tatsu] What? What is it?
-[gasps]
-Hey!
-I ain't finished shopping!
-[Miku] Hurry up!
CRIMECATCH POLICURE SHOW
-Look! It's Po… Po… Policure!
-[Policure theme song plays]
-[growls]
-[women scream]
Damn, they're getting their butts kicked.
Don't give up, Policure!
You got 'em!
Policure, get out of range!
Throw some kicks!
Oh, my! Policure's in trouble!
Is there anyone here
who's brave enough to help them?
A kid who comes to the rescue
can have a photo
taken with them after the show.
[Miku gasps] A photo with them?
But there's just no way
I can get on that stage.
-Damn it!
-You want it that bad?
All right! Who can help Policure?
Raise your hands high.
[Tatsu] Mm.
Uh…
If I don't pick him…
Okay.
…I'm a dead woman.
-[Tatsu] Yeah.
-[presenter] You, in the apron.
So here we are, face to face.
You've got some nerve,
taking Boss Renkon from us!
Today, you're gonna pay for that!
[Sky] Oh, please!
What about all the innocent people
who have suffered because of you?
[villain] Shut up! Boss is still locked up
eating prison food because of--
Time out!
[actor] Uh, okay.
Which one of you
kicked off this little feud?
[actor] Uh, I'm not sure.
It's just for the show. Right?
[Sky] Gokudan builds up
the evil in people's hearts.
[Cobalt] And absorbs
all their negative energy.
In this world, you either get beat
or do the beating.
Conflicts just breed conflict.
But you can't protect jack
through violence.
Miku, my gear!
[rustling]
COOKING SAKE
Ladies and gents of the audience,
I extend my deepest gratitude
to all of you here.
Policure gang, Gokudon gang,
we will perform the ceremonial rites
of reconciliation.
Both groups will now share a drink!
[scattered clapping]
With that, Policure Group
and Gokudon Group,
we wish both your families prosperity
and peace from now on.
-[grunts and claps]
-[scattered applause]
Right. Yeah.
Uh, now you may join us
for a meet and greet.
[Miku] Wow! Oh, my God, you're so cute!
SCARED THE HELL OUT OF ME
[Policure] The Way of The Househusband.
EPISODE 32
This way.
So that's the new gear, is it?
I got it from a friend of a friend.
Hell if I know what to do with this thing.
[Tatsu] Jackpot.
This baby has a steam function.
The max temp can get over 500,
with a capacity of 30 liters.
This'll increase my production tenfold.
Production of what?
[thuds and clicks]
Is that what I think it is?
You're damn right! Flour and dry yeast.
[Masa] Ah, got it.
He's doing the white powder thing again.
Get ready, 'cause now it's bread time!
We gotta nail these measurements
and temperatures.
If the salt or yeast
is even a gram off-course,
you're a goner!
[both grunting]
Beat it to get that gluten!
You gotta really punch it
and drag it around.
That's how you make it
perfectly fluffy and moist.
Pe… Perfectly fluffy?
[sighs] Get something to wrap it up now.
Got it, plastic wrap.
Let's see.
-Where'd I put--
-[snaps]
What the-- Damn cable.
[crashing]
Shit! Oven down.
[buttons click]
[button dings]
-[Tatsu] No! Microwave!
-[Masa sobs]
Sorry, boss man!
I will pay for this mistake.
[sobs] Let me just guugle
self-punishment methods.
-I got the method right here.
-[creaking]
-[clicks]
-A rice cooker?
[Tatsu] Bread dough needs to rise
somewhere between 80 and 90 degrees.
It ain't easy. You got to keep
the temperature just right.
But using the "keep warm" mode
on this sucker,
we might just save the batch.
Keep warm for ten minutes,
cut the cord, and wait 40 more.
Now give it a rest,
attack any air bubbles,
re-shape, and then proof it again!
Finally, grease it up,
pop the rice cooker on, and…
[clicks]
-[laughs maniacally]
-Whoa!
Look at that!
Baked up like a champ.
Man, boss has got skills!
Bust this bad boy out,
give it a face,
and feast your eyes upon this!
It's-- It's so cute!
-Here.
-[exclaims]
Ow, hot!
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 33
-[smoke hissing]
-Hmm?
What the…? It's coming from next door!
[knocking]
-[smashing]
-Fire!
[sizzling]
What the hell are you doing, man?
Oh, I, um…
Just grilling some stuff.
Uh, do you want some of this meat?
You serious?
[breathing rapidly]
Ooh. [coughs]
[coughs]
[grunts]
[sizzles and sinks]
[both groan weakly]
SUSHI - NINJA - COLD
My sincere apologies, Tatsu-san.
The hell you thinking, Bob?
Nearly killed us both.
I moved here
'cause I love Japan, you know?
But suddenly I wanted
some good home cooking.
Trouble is I can't barbecue
half as good as my daddy.
Yeah, we're taking this beef outside.
We are?
[blowing]
Got the goods?
Hell yeah, I got stocked up at Dostco.
[Tatsu] Now we're talking.
I'll show you
how the Japanese handle a beef.
Cut off the fat when the meat's room temp.
Whoa! A katana!
Salt and pepper!
Don't give him time to recover.
-Throw him directly on the heat.
-[Bob] Yeah!
[sizzling]
[Tatsu] When it's good
and seared, flip it!
And then wrap the sucker up
and leave it to squirm
in its own heat.
Yeah!
-[Tatsu] This'll make sure it's rare and--
-Hey! Hold it right there.
[both gasp]
What're you doing?
Why've you got a barbecue?
[grunts]
Get out of here, I got this!
Cut that out, you hear?
Hurry! The meat!
[older cop] I could
arrest you for obstruction.
-Oh!
-Do it!
Uh, Tatsu-san?
[knife swishes]
[all grunt and groan]
Tatsu-san?
[groans]
I just can't! I can't eat meat this rare!
SUSHI
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 34
[Tatsu] "Have a fun time
with nature at Bremen Farm"?
Someone at work gave it to me. Let's go!
Ain't we a little bit old
to hit up a kiddie park?
Joint like that'll be nuts on a weekend.
And there's… traffic.
-Ta-da!
-[chuckles]
Look at that. Everyone's living it up.
-Hey, excuse me a second.
-[gasps]
HAVE A FUN TIME
BREMEN FARM
-Keep those pictures coming.
-[nervously] Yes.
[Tatsu] This time, go low.
-Got it.
-[clicks]
Okay, you love this, admit it.
I admit nothing.
Listen, this ain't your average old farm.
This place seems like it's got
something for everyone.
Flower gardens, specialty food,
rides, craft classes.
Let's plan our attack so--
Look! There's a petting zoo!
Aww!
[chuckles]
-[Miku] Aw!
-[Tatsu] Where are you going?
-[sighs happily]
-[horse whinnies]
After we bag these bastards,
we'll give 'em hell!
So, word is this stuff's totally pure
and uncut. That true?
-Watch my back, Miku, I'm going in!
-Whoo!
[sighs] I'm starving.
-They jack up prices at places like this.
-Oh, you packed a picnic?
Well, it ain't all that much.
[Miku] Wow, you really went for it.
I think you might be having
more fun than me.
-I ain't that jazzed about it.
-You are, admit it.
No, I'm not.
Yes, you are.
-Am not.
-Are too.
[shouts] Fine! You got me!
I've been stoked
about this trip for days, okay?
Oh. Okay.
Sorry I teased you.
I dreamed of being in places like this.
Because I grew up in the underworld,
I never had the chance
to go to a theme park.
I've always wanted to see one.
[Miku] Aw, that's sweet.
So, thanks, Miku.
This was a day to remember.
What do you mean, "was"?
Come on! We've still got
half the day left.
More food tastings!
And horse-riding, and the sheep races.
Uh…
Rain.
[tender music playing]
Meh, just a little rain.
[both] The Way of The Househusband.
EPISODE 35
[grunting]
Can't see.
Shit!
Where is it?
[Miku] Over here, it's this way.
You can't hide forever!
I said this way.
Oh, well.
[Tatsu] Bet you were scared, weren't you?
[cheerful rock music plays]
[sighs happily] I love
beach days like this.
Wanna lose the floatie?
You want me unarmed?
I need it for the snorkeling, fishing,
crab-picking, diving, and the banana boat.
Gotta stay vigilant when we--
Tacchan!
-Oh! Hey, man, so sorry about that.
-Yep.
We were just playing
some beach volleyball back there.
[Tatsu] It's the Bears.
[man] Oh! It's you.
[Miku] Friends of yours?
The housewives team rumbled
with them awhile back.
That's right.
And we gave you
quite the beating. [laughs]
[Tatsu] Yeah. Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, then, see you.
And if you ever wanna throw down again,
just give us a shout.
-[laughs]
-Will do.
-[slaps]
-Man up!
You're really about to let that go?
-Are you a man or what?
-I am.
-All right! Let's get him!
-Yeah!
-[Miku] Hey, Shades!
-Huh?
Let's play.
We'll play three sets.
First to two sets wins.
-Miku!
-Star cyclone!
Plasma buster!
Starlight illusion!
I'm wiped. [panting]
-Yeah, it's all the shouting.
-What are you talking about?
Sports are all about the shouting.
Come on, use your voice.
Cyclonic vacuum cleaner!
Plasma buster indoor air purifier!
LED ceiling light kit!
[growls]
Aw, shit! That's the--
Honor and humanity spike!
[groans]
[Tatsu] A real man is willing
to get whacked
protecting his loving wife.
[grunts] Got it!
[grunts]
-Tacchan, get up!
-Huh?
Hit.
[Tatsu grunts]
[yells] Male honor spike!
[all groan]
[chuckles] See that?
That's the power of man and wife!
Looks more like a princess.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
[Tatsu] Third grade Tatsu class!!
[students] Househusband-sensei!
Hey, I hear we've got
a brand new teacher today.
Oh, yeah?
[chuckles]
This oughta be good.
All right, knock it off.
[door slams]
[bold music plays]
Hmm.
Brothers and sisters,
please allow me to introduce myself.
Thanks to some connections in high places,
I've been put in charge
of your third-grade Tatsu class!
It's an honor to risk my life
in service of this class!
You can all call me Tatsu!
Although I admit
I'm still just a rookie here,
I'm going to do my best
to teach you Home Ec.
You and me are gonna have some fun.
Yes, sir.
For your first assignment,
you're gonna have to get your hands dirty.
Anything goes in this fight.
Choose your weapon and get the job done.
What the…?
A bunch of plain aprons?
And stencil sheets?
So we're supposed to make a stencil
and then apply the design to an apron.
Damn right, you are.
[chuckles]
You want us to make apron art?
Screw this pansy-ass crap!
You wussin' out on me, kid?
Everyone else is going
to have a bespoke apron to wear.
You really wanna break ranks
with a plain one?
Screw you!
I'll make one, all right?
Okay, begin!
[heavy metal music plays]
Looks like we're all geared up
and ready to head out there.
Target acquired. It's cooking time!
[closing theme music plays]